next let's share
images sent to us by a neighbor of the
rock city nicknamed the black of a
violent fact that happened on the day of
yesterday in a corner of this city the
violent confrontation would have
originated after an accident
automotive men would have
shocked and then one of them perceived the
another until the corners of streets
don bosco and general peace of the city of
rock in the center of the neighborhood shot
federal motorists as you will see
they started a fight one of the
violently got out of his car with a
nunchaku and the other had an iron with
L - shaped in his hands the fight
it happened on Thursday afternoon and it lasted
several minutes before the stunned look of
the neighbors of the block one of the
opponents is a young man of 30 years and
the other was a 45- year-old man in the
images you can see the violence
extreme with which these men are
attacking we are seeing there how
finished one of these men
practically unconscious and everything
bloodied we also saw how in the
van was leaving the other man
this what happened then the fight
It just ended when the neighbors
they came to separate them they will see that
the dogs were there barking
this violent situation that happened
when these two men not only
they took fist punches but every
one of them took a weapon to an iron and
fight with this case to be able to hurt
to the other person there as it looked at
images one of the subjects the greatest
he was lying on the ground unconscious and
all bloody and the other subject to
younger after the fight climbed to a
scenic green kingdom and he left the place
and the other man to the man who was left
thrown on the ground the neighbors what
they had to attend raised him up
that an ambulance arrived at the place and
He immediately brought the man to the hospital
he was unconscious and when he recovered the
consciousness was disoriented that was
what neighbors said they recorded
this video many of the neighbors were
around the fight is when he
I was developing in neighborhood shot
federal but they did not want to intervene
when they saw that they had irons
puddle in your hand the video as you said
today he was captured by a young woman from
neighborhood nicknamed the black that good is
approached the place and filmed the video was
yesterday afternoon in federal shooting neighborhood
that what we were seeing in images
what happened yesterday
was happening then this violent
this violent confrontation that was happening
yesterday afternoon in the city of rock and
these men who savagely
beat until one of them ended
unconscious as you will see there were blows
fist really a very situation
violently excessive to resolve a
conflict after an accident
transit apparently this what
the neighbors would see how we do
emphasis on the violence of these
images and of course we thank
this neighbor to the neighborhood black shot
federal who took the trouble to record
this situation so violent in the city
of rock
[Music]